[AIT-30] BatchContext and batch API on PathObject and Instance (#471)
ably/specification: specifications/objects-features.md

    - `(RTPO21a1)` `options` `PathObjectSubscriptionOptions` (optional) - same options as `PathObject#subscribe` ([RTPO19b](#RTPO19b))
  - `(RTPO21b)` Returns a stream or iterable that yields `PathObjectSubscriptionEvent` objects, using the idiomatic construct for the language (e.g. async iterators, channels, flows, or async sequences)
  - `(RTPO21c)` Internally wraps `PathObject#subscribe` ([RTPO19](#RTPO19)), converting the callback-based subscription into the appropriate streaming or iterable pattern
- `(RTPO22)` `PathObject#batch` function:

>   - `(RTPO22a)` Expects a synchronous function `fn` that receives a `BatchContext` as its argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `(RTPO22a)` Accepts a synchronous anonymous function as a argument. This anonymous function is called with `BatchContext` as its argument internally.
```

Reviewer: https://ably.com/docs/liveobjects/concepts/path-object#batch-multiple-updates
Similarly, other spec points might not be explicit, will do a full review soon
